Update secure-communications.md (#8165)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/gateway-manager/data-plane-nodes/secure-communications.md

content_type: how-to
---

> {{site.konnect_short_name}} uses a mutual TLS handshake (mTLS) to secure communication between the control plane and data plane nodes. {{site.konnect_short_name}} control planes support data planes authenticating either with a certificate keypair (aka ‘pinned cert’) or use a certificate signed by a CA (aka PKI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.konnect_short_name}} uses a mutual TLS handshake (mTLS) to secure communication between the control plane and data plane nodes. {{site.konnect_short_name}} control planes support data planes authenticating either with a certificate key pair (a pinned certificate) or a certificate signed by a CA (a PKI certificate).
```

| `cert2`     | Intermediary | Issued by Root           |
| `cert3`     | Root         | Issued by Root (Self-signed) |

* **Upload only cert1 to the control plane**: This is the Pinned certificate. You can include just `cert1` in your data plane request and not include the chain. The control plane doesn’t need to evaluate the issuer because it trusts the cert itself.
* **Upload only cert2 to the control plane**: This would mean any cert coming in that has (issuer: intermediary) would be trusted. You can include just `cert1` in your data plane request. The control plane would trust any certificate issued by the intermediary public key. 
* **Upload only cert3 to the control plane**: This is the typical PKI case. It means any cert signed by the root is trusted. However, since `cert1` is signed by an intermediary and `cert2` is signed by root, you need to include both `cert1` and `cert2` in your data plane request. The control plane would trust the whole chain because `cert2` is issued by `cert3` and `cert1` is issued by `cert2`.

## Konnect Certificate Utility

> {{site.konnect_short_name}} offers a helper utility to get started with securing control plane / data plane communications. Using the quick start flow, a certificate keypair is generated. Data planes can establish a connection with this certificate keypair (aka ‘pinned cert’). Alternatively, the Generate Certificates option in the UI generates a CA allowing data planes to connect using a certificate signed by that CA (aka PKI). 

Author: Line 33: User is wanting to add or create data plane nodes. So this line should be reworded to say click on control plane to which they want to add or create data plane node
Line 40 : Using the {{site.konnect_short_name}} UI, you can generate a CA certificate, which allows data planes to connect using a certificate signed by that CA (PKI). Alternatively you can upload your own CA using the upload option
